Feature/improve docs and expose controller (#88)
lblod/frontend-embeddable-notule-editor: README.md

    const editorContainer = document.getElementById('my-editor');
    const editorElement =
    editorContainer.getElementsByClassName('notule-editor')[0];
    const arrayOfPluginNames = ['citation', 'rdfa-date'];
    const userConfigObject = {}
    editorElement.initEditor(arrayOfPluginNames, userConfigObject);
  });
```

Let's break down this code, the entire snippet is executed inside a load listener, that will only trigger when the document has loaded.

```javascript
let App = require('frontend-embeddable-notule-editor/app').default.create({
  autoboot: false,
  name: 'frontend-embeddable-notule-editor'
});
```
These lines create the app that will be in charge of rendering our editor

```javascript
App.visit('/', { rootElement: '#my-editor' })
```

> Then we visit the main route of the application and render inside our root element, that in this case it will be the HTML div with id `my-editor`, this returns a Promise, that we can await or chain a `.then` as we do in the example code. After this promise is resolved our editor will be rendered so we can start interacting with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we visit the main route of the application and render inside our root element, which in this case will be the HTML div with id `my-editor`. This returns a Promise, which we can await or chain with `.then` as we do in the example code. After this promise is resolved, our editor will be rendered so we can start interacting with it.
```

```javascript
const editorContainer = document.getElementById('my-editor');
const editorElement = editorContainer.getElementsByClassName('notule-editor')[0];
```

> After rendering the editor we have to find the editorElement that we will do with the previous code, basically we get the editorContainer where we rendered our app and then find inside the editor div that has the `notule-editor` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After rendering the editor we have to find the editorElement, which we  do with the above code. We get the editorContainer in which we rendered our app, and then find the editor div that has the `notule-editor` class.
```

```javascript
const arrayOfPluginNames = ['citation', 'rdfa-date'];
const userConfigObject = {}
editorElement.initEditor(arrayOfPluginNames, userConfigObject);
```

> After finding the editor we just have to create an array with the names of the plugins we want to use and an object with custom configuration if needed (See [configuring the editor](#configuring-the-editor) for more info about plugin names and configuration options) and initialize the editor with the `initEditor` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After finding the editor we create an array with the names of the plugins we want to use and an object with custom configuration if needed (See [configuring the editor](#configuring-the-editor) for more info about plugin names and configuration options). Finally, we initialize the editor with the `initEditor` function.
```

For a complete version of this example, checkout this file: [public/test.html](public/test.html). It also includes another button that inserts a template in the editor to showcase the plugins.

## Prosemirror

> The rdfa editor uses prosemirror as a base, after the `editorElement.initEditor()` function is called you will have access to the editor controller with `editorElement.controller` this is an instance of the `ProseController` class fo the [ember-rdfa-editor](https://github.com/lblod/ember-rdfa-editor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rdfa editor uses [the prosemirror tookit](https://prosemirror.net/) as a base. After the `editorElement.initEditor()` function is called you will have access to the editor controller with `editorElement.controller`. This is an instance of the [SayController](https://github.com/lblod/ember-rdfa-editor/blob/d4472d2e237256d30333cfcc20ce6eea7db241f2/addon/core/say-controller.ts) class of the [ember-rdfa-editor](https://github.com/lblod/ember-rdfa-editor)
```

It provides the following methods:

> - `toggleMark(name: string, includeEmbeddedView = false)`: method which allows to enable/disable a specific mark on the current selection. Expects the name of the mark to toggle and whether the command should be applied on an embedded editor view if such a view is active.

Reviewer: this doesn't exist anymore
```suggestion
```

> - `focus(includeEmbeddedView = false)`: method which allows one to focus the main editor view (or an embedded view, if such a view is active).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `focus()`: method which allows one to focus the main editor view
```

> - `setHtmlContent(content: string)`: sets the content of the main editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `setHtmlContent(content: string)`: sets the content of the main editor.
- htmlContent: getter property containing the "serialized" html content of the editor. This is essentially the raw content without all the plugin bells and whistles, suitable for storing in a database. It can then be loaded with the abovementioned `setHtmlContent`
```
you forgot arguably the most important one...

> - `doCommand(command: Command, includeEmbeddedView = false)`: executes a Prosemirror command (https://prosemirror.net/docs/guide/#commands) on the main editor, or when active an embedded editor instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `doCommand(command: Command, { view = this.activeEditorView } = {})`: executes a Prosemirror command (https://prosemirror.net/docs/guide/#commands) on the main view. A different view can be provided, which is mainly used internally to control nested editor instances (e.g. for the implementation of the variables)
```

> - `checkCommand(command: Command, includeEmbeddedView = false)`: checks whether a Prosemirror command may be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `checkCommand(command: Command, { view = this.activeEditorView } = {})`: checks whether a Prosemirror command may be executed.
```

> - `isMarkActive(mark: MarkType, includeEmbeddedView = false)`: checks whether a mark is currently active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `isMarkActive(mark: MarkType)`: checks whether a mark is currently active. This is currently of not much use in this package, since we do not expose the MarkType interface yet. (But for the curious, this is what the toolbar buttons use to update their active state)
```

> - `withTransaction(callback: (tr: Transaction) => Transaction | null, includeEmbeddedView = false)`: method which allows you to apply a transaction on the main view (or currently active embedded view). When you want to apply the transaction, the callback should return a transaction object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `withTransaction(callback: (tr: Transaction) => Transaction | null, includeEmbeddedView = false)`: method which allows you to apply a [transaction](https://prosemirror.net/docs/ref/#state.Transaction) on the main view (or currently active embedded view). When you want to apply the transaction, the callback should return the transaction object.
```

- `getState(includeEmbeddedView = false)`: used to request the current state of the main editor view (or an embedded view if active).

> - `getView`: used to request the main editor view (or an embedded view if active).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- mainEditorView: the [view](https://prosemirror.net/docs/ref/#view.EditorView) instance of the main editor

- activeEditorView: the view instance of the active editor. (see above for the distinction between the main and active editor)

```

> - `setEmbeddedView(view: RdfaEditorView)`: activate a specific embedded view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `setActiveView(view: RdfaEditorView)`: activate a specific view.
```

> - `clearEmbeddedView`: deactive the current embedded view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
doesn't exist

> Additionally, a controller provides the following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

These are now described above, and I would simply not mention the datastore, we don't really use it and I don't wanna get questions about it :)

> - `externalContextStore`: provides an instance of `ProseStore` describing the RDFa around the editor element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `datastore`: provides an instance of `ProseStore` describing the RDFa inside the editor element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `schema`: provides the schema of the main editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `state`: provides the current state (see https://prosemirror.net/docs/guide/#state) of the main editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `view`: provides the main editor view (see https://prosemirror.net/docs/guide/#view).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- dateTimeFormat: The format to use when the user is inserting a date with time information.
The final property is `allowCustomFormat` if this is set to true the user will be able to specify it's own format when inserting the date.
For more information about date formats check the documentation of the underlying library used [date-fns](https://date-fns.org/v2.29.3/docs/format).

```javascript
citation: {
  type: 'ranges',
  activeInRanges: (state) => [[0, state.doc.content.size]],
},
variable: {
  type: 'ranges',
  activeInRanges: (state) => [[0, state.doc.content.size]],
},
```
This block configures both the citation and the variable plugin in the same way, it basically set the configuration type as `ranges` and set the active range of the plugin to trigger in the entire document, this is a very basic configuration, to see how to specify a different trigger zone or hopw to define custom variables check the docs of the [citation](https://github.com/lblod/ember-rdfa-editor-lblod-plugins#citaten-plugin) and the [variable](https://github.com/lblod/ember-rdfa-editor-lblod-plugins#insert-variable-plugin) plugins.

```javascript
tableOfContents: [
  {
    nodeHierarchy: [

>       'title|chapter|section|subsection|article',

Author: Yeah true, they can change the order of the nodes at least

After writting this a little card will appear on the right that you can expand to the big modal.

![citation plugin](https://imgur.com/oerd9rV.png)

### Roadsign Regulation
For this plugin you will need to be in a besluit with one of these types:
* `https://data.vlaanderen.be/id/concept/BesluitType/4d8f678a-6fa4-4d5f-a2a1-80974e43bf34`
* `https://data.vlaanderen.be/id/concept/BesluitType/7d95fd2e-3cc9-4a4c-a58e-0fbc408c2f9b`
* `https://data.vlaanderen.be/id/concept/BesluitType/3bba9f10-faff-49a6-acaa-85af7f2199a3`
* `https://data.vlaanderen.be/id/concept/BesluitType/0d1278af-b69e-4152-a418-ec5cfd1c7d0b`
* `https://data.vlaanderen.be/id/concept/BesluitType/e8afe7c5-9640-4db8-8f74-3f023bec3241`
* `https://data.vlaanderen.be/id/concept/BesluitType/256bd04a-b74b-4f2a-8f5d-14dda4765af9`
* `https://data.vlaanderen.be/id/concept/BesluitType/67378dd0-5413-474b-8996-d992ef81637a`

If this condition is met you will find a button called `Voeg mobiliteitsmaatregel in` in the insert menu. When this button is clicked a modal will apear where you can filter and select which roadsign regulation you want to insert.

![roadsign regulation modal](https://i.imgur.com/z7My8lm.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The data for this plugin is pulled from [the roadsign registry](https://register.mobiliteit.vlaanderen.be), specifically using the [public facing sparql endpoint](https://register.mobiliteit.vlaanderen.be/sparql). This data is maintained by experts at [MOW Vlaanderen](https://www.vlaanderen.be/departement-mobiliteit-en-openbare-werken)

```

### Variable

> This plugin allows you to insert variables in the document, a variable is a value to be filled by another user, ideally you will have 2 separate instances of the editor, the first one will enable this plugin and the other will enable the template-variable plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows you to insert variables in the document. A variable is essentially a placeholder where a value can later be filled in. This makes the most sense if you consider 2 separate instances of the editor, the first one with this plugin enabled and the other with the template-variable plugin. The former can then be used to "build a template document", containing a bunch of places values need to be completed. A user can then use the `template-variable-plugin` in the other instance to fill in the values.
```

In order to insert a variable you will need to use the insert variable card.

![insert variable card](https://imgur.com/9kSqgXc.png)

> In this dropdown you can select one of the 4 default types of variables (or more if you added your custom variables to the config): text, number, date or codelist. If codelist is selected you will need to specify which codelist you want to use

Reviewer: does this actually work? which codelists are we showing?

Author: It's fetching from `https://dev.roadsigns.lblod.info/sparql` that can be set in the configuration but forgot to mention that, done now

### Template variable

> This plugin allows to fill the codelist variables generated by the variable plugin, if you are in one of these variables the following card will appear:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows to fill the codelist and date variables generated by the variable plugin, if you are in one of these variables the following card will appear:
```

Author: The date is filled by the rdfa-date plugin

Reviewer: right, sorry about that

![template variable card](https://imgur.com/b5Kmmqj.png)

> Using this card you will be able to select one of the codelist values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this card you will be able to select one of the codelist values. If in a date variable, a date-picker will be shown instead.

Other value types (text and number) can simply be filled in in the main editor. As of yet there is no validation on the number type.
```

Author: See previous comment, the dates are not filled with this plugin. I agree with the last line

### Article Structure

> This plugin is in charge of inserting and manipulating structures, for inserting the structures you will find the buttons on the insert menu of the right sidebar, for example if you are in besluit mode you will only have a button that says `Insert article`, if you are in regulatory statement mode you will be able to insert titles, chapters, sections...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin is in charge of inserting and manipulating structures. You will find buttons for this in the insert menu of the right sidebar. If you are in "besluit" mode (see above) you can only insert articles, if you are in regulatory statement mode you will be able to insert titles, chapters, sections...
```

> After inserting a structure you will be presented with a card, where you can move up and down the structure or delete it. For deleting you have 2 options, deleting just the structure (if possible) trying to upwrap the content or deleting the structure with its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After inserting a structure you will be presented with a card, where you can move the structure up and down or delete it. For deleting you have 2 options, deleting just the structure (if possible), which tries to unwrap the content, or deleting the structure with its content.
```

> Note that all of these buttons can be disabled if the action is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all of these buttons will be disabled if the action is not possible.
```

![article structure card](https://imgur.com/2zkbNw3.png)

### Table of Contents

> This plugin provides a toggle in the top bar that says `Show Table of Contents` if you click this toggle the table of contents will appear, take into account that the table of contents works with the regulatory statement mode of the article structure by default but this can be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin provides a toggle in the top bar that says `Show Table of Contents`. If you click this toggle the table of contents will appear. Take into account that the table of contents works with the regulatory statement mode of the article structure by default but this can be modified.
```

modified how? -> either we say it only works for reg statements, or we provide an example config on how to make it work for decisions. They can't adjust the schema, so they don't know which nodes are relevant.

Author: Yeah true, I think it's better if we tell them not to modify it for now, but we should look for a way of creating custom nodes in embeddable

### Formatting Toggle
This plugin provides a toggle in the top bar that says `Show formatting marks`, after this toggle is active all the formatting marks of the document such as break lines, paragraphs... will be visible.

![document with formatting annotations](https://imgur.com/KTNxuBW.png)

### Rdfa Blocks Toggle

> This plugin provides a toggle in the top bar that says `Show annotations`, when you click on this toggle the styling will change to show all the rdfa information contained in the document, this plugin is useful if you want to check for errors in your rdfa structure or just look to hidden information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin provides a toggle in the top bar that says `Show annotations`, when you click on this toggle the styling will change to show all the rdfa information contained in the document. This plugin is useful if you want to check for errors in the rdfa structure, or simply have a look at what data the editor is generating behind the scenes.

It is very much a work in progress visualization, meant for expert users.
```
"hidden" information implies we're hiding something :grimacing:
